Ingenjörsdagbok...

First uppdate to enginnering diary.
We started of by making a github repository for the project. 
We decided to use python as the language and started of with the foundation for the projeckt that Mikael made in python.

I decided to use the github desktop aplication learnt the basics and cloned the project to my computer. Since the projekt
is suposed to run in containers we use docker and figuring thart out was rather more dificult. I ended upp folowing the 
tutorial that apears in the docker aplication witch i think was a good tutorials. And i managed to get the kitchenview 
and burgerorderer to run in their containers. Throuh this i learnt how to build container images and run them in docker.

We also meet in person and discuss the projeckt and distribute the work between us. In our github repo we have also set upp 
all the folders and files for the projeckt. There is also two branches one called "Development" And "Main". 
I have so far made a few comits to the repo. I fixed the html in burgerorderer so now you can order a burger and it gets 
printed out in the console of kitchenview. But mainly i have been trying to understand flask and figure out how evrything 
works. 



Second uppdate to enginnering diary.
Since the last uppdate to the diary i have made commits to the burgerorderer.yaml and menuestore dockerfile, 
i added menuestore to burgerorderer.yaml so menuestore gets set up in its docker contaioner. I also corrected port number 
in menuestore docerfile. The group also met in person where we mainly tryed and figure out how to set upp the database, with 
litele succes. Ialso made commits to burgerorderer app.py and kitchenview app.py, for burgerorderer i added functionality for
selecting options and quantety for your burger. And uppdated kitchenview to handele options and quantety. I chose to add another 
page to burgerorderer after selecting burger where the user can chose potions and how many to buy and a button to send the order.



Debug-session
I chose to debug the kitchenview program and track how it handeles reciving a order from burgerorderer. 
I kitchenview app.py i started of by placing a breakpoint on line 8. A breakpoint is something that can place on a desired line 
to pause the execution of the code so it can be examined and debuged. I chose to only use one breakpoint to pause the program 
because it is rather small and i use the "Step over", "Step into", "Steap out" and "Continue" buttons in the debugger to navigate
from the breakpoint.

Buttons in the debugger, "Step over" executest the line you are standing on and moves to the next, without moving deeper into 
potentional functioncalls on that line.
"Step into" Is used to hop into a function on the current line to debug that function.
"Step out" Used when in a function, executes the function and returns to where it was called.
"Continue" Resumes the program like nolmal untill it hitts another breakpoint or the program ends.

Debugging...
I star the debugging prosess by placing out my breakpoint on line 8 in kitchenview app.py. Then i run the debugger. I also have 
burgerorderer runnig like notrmal, not in debugg mode, so i can send orders to kitchenview to debugg. When i place a order in 
burgerorderer it will be cent to kitchenview and kitchenwiew running in the debugger will stopp at the breakpoint. In this case 
i ordered 22 Halloumi burger whith the option Pickles. The program stops at the breakpoint and the variables and the flow of 
the code can be followed. Variables can be observed by hovering over them with the  mouse in the code or in the 
debugger manue/variables/Locals menue. At this point i can see the variable "burgerNAme = 'Halloumi burger'", by useing the button 
"Step over" i move to the next line in the code and anothe variable apears when the quantety of the order is retrived in this 
case "quantity = '22'", Using "Step over" again we also retrive the options witch appear in the variables/local menue under the 
name options containg a list of the selected optins Pickles in this case.

Steping over to the next line will land us on the print statement and the variables about tp be printded can be observed moving 
to the nex tile will see mesage apear in the console of kitchenview. Now we are on a if statement that checks if the options list 
is empty or not int this case it contains pickles so it is true. Continuing the debugging using "step over" "options:" is printed 
to the terminal and we then enter a for loop to print the actual options. The line thats im currently standing on is highlited and 
when steping through the for loop we se that we move to the print option witch prints the option and then we go upp a row to the 
for loop again and now becase we only have one option we hop down to the return of the function a few lines down. And pressin 
step over again we se that the order confirmation apears in burgerorderer. And know i cant move anywhere becase kitchnview is 
finnished untill another order is placed.

Another ordr senario, Ordering one Chicken burger witch no options. Now im only stating the diffrenecs from the other senario. 
And now when kitchenview tries to get the options we instead end upp with a empty list, and this causes the if statement 
to be false, line 12. ANd when step over is pressed we move to the else statement and print "No options..." to the console instead.

Summary and reflection of the session
This was my first time using the python debugger in vscode. kitchenview is a small program and i found no bugs but i now fell comfterble 
using the debugger. Somthing that was a bit har was when i first tryed i placed the breakpoint on the buy() function but then the 
program imidietly paused and it could not recive the order from burgerorderer and i got a connection error in burgerorderer witch had me 
a bit confused but when i figured that put i had no problems. In the future if i run into a hard problem in my code i will definetly 
give the debugger a try to help me solve it, most of the time i can find the problem by looking at the code and thinking how it would 
work but if that does not work then i will try the dubugger. 
END of debug session.

